DOC-627: Clarify existing table requirements (#682)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/cep/table/index.md

A _table_ is a stored version of an stream or a table of events. Its schema is defined in the _table definition_ that is similar to a stream definition. These events are stored in database. In Macrometa GDN, tables are called [collections](../../collections/).

:::note

> If you want to use an existing Macrometa collection as a store, then you still need to define it in the stream worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use an existing Macrometa collection as a store, then you must define it in the stream worker.
```

Your call on which wording you prefer

> If you want to use an existing Macrometa collection as a store, then you still need to define it in the stream worker and you must enable streaming on the collection.

Reviewer 2: @diana-macrometa - The store may not have associated stream. This is not mandatory in this case.

Author: I heard from Wayne that he couldn't get the existing collection to work until he turned the streaming on.

Reviewer 2: Yes, this is true for a source with type='database'  but not for a table/store.
